README.md, before:

# rsql
 Reactive SQL library + HTMX/FastHTML based server side Python web framework

 The framework automates all updates to the DOM based on changes to the database.

 Most of the syntax for the UI is finalized, but there is a lot of work to be done on
 production readiness, documentation, and examples.

 ## Production Readiness features missing
 - More complex example apps (multi user chat / todo list / twitter)
 - Improve authentication: Google, Facebook auth, not logged in but auth option
 - Authorization (ACLs and attribute based access control)
 - Serving on remote server (look at both SimpleHTML and how Rails does it in docker)
 
 - PIP, dependency management
 - Pypy support, improve performance (or at least don't crash)
 - More examples, better documentation, better performance

## Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/adamritter/rsql.git
```

## Install package:
```
cd rsql
pip install -e .
```

## Run examples:
```
python examples/todo.py
```

## Run tests
```
python tests/test.py
```

Features:
- Async multithreading support

Commit message:

Tr support in table (attributes as well :) )

README.md, after:

# rsql
 Reactive SQL library + HTMX/FastHTML based server side Python web framework

 The framework automates all updates to the DOM based on changes to the database.

 Most of the syntax for the UI is finalized, but there is a lot of work to be done on
 production readiness, documentation, and examples.

 ## Production Readiness features missing
 - More complex example apps (multi user chat / todo list / twitter)
 - Improve authentication: Google, Facebook auth, not logged in but auth option
 - Authorization (ACLs and attribute based access control)
 - Serving on remote server (look at both SimpleHTML and how Rails does it in docker)
 
 - PIP, dependency management
 - Pypy support, improve performance (or at least don't crash)
 - More examples, better documentation, better performance

- Random tab_ids, auto reload
- Ideomorph
- TailwindCss support

 - Internals:
   - Maybe embrace FastAPI? 5x faster than FastHTML and it provides orthogonal features to RSQLHTML
   - RSQL could be separate from RSQLHTML


## Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/adamritter/rsql.git
```

## Install package:
```
cd rsql
pip install -e .
```

## Run examples:
```
python examples/todo.py
```

## Run tests
```
python tests/test.py
```

Features:
- Async multithreading support
